Previously
on "The Hunting Party"...
Dr. Dulles.
you have a visitor.
Hi. Dad.
Who was that speaking
with Dr. Dulles just now?
That was his son.
He doesn't have a son.
The Pit's located in
the middle of a nuclear array--
28 silos. 6 of which
have been decommissioned.
This one is the Pit.
and this one is Silo 12.
What's so special
about Silo 12?
Just before the blast.
I received a phone call.
There was a breach at Silo 12.
A breach. OK.
By who?
An armed security force.
We need to see Silo 12.
- Almost. Almost.
- OK. OK.
I'm gonna be tripping
on my dress soon.
I won't let you.
OK. ready? Ready? Ready?
- OK. OK.
You can look now.
- ♪ At last
- Mark.
It's--it's perfect.
♪ My love has come along
Hey.
You're perfect.
♪ My lonely days are over
Mm. hang on.
Hang on. Hang on.
♪ And life is like a song
Here. champagne.
- Mm.
- To us.
To us.
♪ The skies above are blue
You know. you didn't
have to do all of this.
This is the most important
day of our lives.
I want to remember
this forever.
Well. I--
Excuse me.
I--
I--yeah.
Yeah--
You OK?
♪ I found a dream
Honey?
I'm sorry.
I can't breathe.
♪ And here we are
♪ In heaven
♪ For you are mine
♪ At last
- This is the last of it.
- Oh. great.
All right. I'm taking off.
Thanks again. Carol.
Carol. you're still at it?
We can't have
our best volunteer
burning herself out
on her first day back.
Oh. I'm practically done.
Pastor.
And I'm just thankful
to be able to help.
Not as thankful as I am
having you lead the food drive.
Good night.
Good morning. Patty.
Shane.
You've had a complaint
filed against you.
What for?
For lying about
being Dr. Dulles' son.
I don't know what you're up to.
You've always been very nice.
But his real family
is quite upset.
You need to leave
the premises immediately.
Look. Patty. I can--
it's complicated.
I'm sure it is.
But you need to go. now.
or we will call the police.
♪ Running from my shadow
OK.
It's all good. Simon.
I'm--I'm leaving.
♪ Trying to leave
the past behind ♪
♪ Let them go
♪ Mm
♪ Running from a shadow
♪ Find a way into the light
♪ Let me go
♪ Running from a shadow
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
♪ Running from a shadow
The six decommissioned silos.
they all connect underground.
Makes sense there would be
more than one way into the Pit.
And more than one way out.
So what about Silo 12?
All Oliver said
was that it was breached
by armed security forces.
He didn't say why
or what's going on.
But he's working
on securing an access code.
How?
I didn't ask.
Do you really believe
Odell is telling you
everything he knows?
Exactly.
Oliver's not
lying about this.
There is something
going on in Silo 12
that we are not
supposed to see.
and it has to do
with the blast.
Which is why we have
to see for ourselves.
Yeah. great.
All three of us.
Funny.
What do we got?
A dog walker spotted
a woman being abducted
outside of a church shelter.
We got a ping
from the 911 call.
and we pulled CCTV
from security cameras
in the parking lot.
And how do we know
he's one of ours?
Check out his left hand.
It's inmate K31.
The three ring tattoos are for
the three wives that he killed.
Mark Marsden.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Nice catch.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I've never heard of this guy.
Well. you might better
know him from his nickname:
The Widower.
Oh. you actually don't know
who he is?
Yeah. no. I'm not
caught up on my podcasts.
Just give it to me straight.
What's the flavor of psychopath
we're dealing with here?
Marsden's psychopathy
is rooted
in his fear of abandonment.
He had a relatively normal
childhood until age 15.
when his girlfriend dumped him
and then. two weeks later.
she drowned during a kegger
in the woods.
Let me guess.
He was at that party.
And witnesses
saw them arguing.
But because his parents
were so well connected.
he didn't go to jail.
So instead
he was hospitalized
with a severe case
of narcissistic
and borderline
personality disorder.
which. in his case.
was characterized
by extreme mood swings
and violent impulsivity.
Once he turned 18. he was
released from the institution
with no record.
Managed to stay off
law enforcement's radar
for. what. couple years...
- Mm-hmm.
Until he fell in love--again.
And his fear of abandonment
made him act out--again.
His first wife fell off a
balcony during their honeymoon.
His second wife had an
aneurysm. died in her sleep.
And the third one drowned
on her wedding night.
How did he get away
with this?
Oh. he didn't for long.
He framed the first two
murders as accidents.
But by the third kill.
police saw through his lies.
Marsden would prefer
to watch the women he loved
die than ever risk
getting rejected by them.
They made him look
like a rock star.
And he loved the attention.
He got the wedding ring
tattoos in prison
after he was convicted.
Where's this?
It's here. Cheyenne.
Wait. what?
The blast was 13 days ago.
He had the chance to get
thousands of miles away.
And instead he stayed here.
abducted someone in Cheyenne?
Maybe he was recovering
in the shelter.
No. his prior victims
were wives.
I mean. he's not abducting
random women in parking lots.
What do we know about this vic?
I'm still working to ID her.
From the looks of it.
she works at the shelter.
But I haven't been able
to get a name--yet.
Her name's Carol.
Excuse me?
How the hell do you know that?
Because I-I-I know her.
She worked at the Pit.
Carol Miller.
She worked in admin at the Pit.
- How well did you know her?
- Not well.
I know we pulled her
out of the rubble early.
Last I saw her. she was
on the way to the hospital.
How long did Carol
work at the Pit?
- Five years.
- OK. well. that's long enough
for Marsden to fixate on her.
How?
I don't know when they would've
even crossed paths.
If Marsden risked
waiting around this long
to target Carol.
then he must have had
one hell
of a compelling reason.
OK. so let's keep digging.
Shovel in hand. boss.
Because he said to dig.
- Oh.
- Come on. he said to dig.
Yeah.
Do you. Mark. take Dorothy
to be your
lawfully wedded wife?
I do.
May I say a few words?
- Please.
Dorothy. I will love you...
for all eternity...
to the moon and back...
and then all the way to Saturn.
♪ One heart to break
for you ♪
I do.
Marsden said the exact same
vows to all three wives.
Why change
what's working. huh?
And from the looks of it.
he sprung for a high-end
videographer.
Well. Marsden is motivated
by his fear of abandonment.
But like most serials. he
actually enjoys the process--
getting these women
to trust him.
giving themselves
to him freely.
These tapes are his trophies.
Just when I thought this guy
couldn't get any worse.
We're about there.
I'll tell you what I already
told those other cops.
I didn't see anything.
But Carol was a godsend.
She and her son became regulars
when her husband passed
from cancer two years ago.
I always worry when one of
my congregants suffers a loss.
But Carol refused
to let herself be lonely.
She threw herself
into volunteering.
Never missed a single week.
Until she got injured at that
factory where she worked.
Poor thing just got discharged
yesterday.
Now this?
One second.
Hey. Oliver.
So Carol was abducted
the day she got discharged
from the hospital.
Which confirms that Marsden
was targeting her.
Right. but we still
don't know why.
That's why I'm calling.
We found some footage.
OK. send it over.
It's more complicated
than that.
You need to get back here.
♪ Doo-doo-wop. doo-doo-wop
♪ Doo-doo-wop. doo-wop
♪ Alone at a party.
I met you. Julianne ♪
♪ We danced together
What the hell
are we watching?
Exposure therapy.
You normalize triggering events
in a safe environment
until they're...
no longer triggering.
Apparently. Pit researchers
keyed in on weddings
as the trigger for Marsden's
abandonment anxiety.
So he gets married
a thousand times
and suddenly stops wanting
to kill his wives?
Something like that.
But watch this.
Recognize her?
That's Carol.
Some of these
employees took these
re-enactment gigs
because it was an easy way
to make some extra cash.
How many times
did Mark Marsden
and Carol get fake married?
Not sure. but I've got
over a hundred videos here.
They start about 18 months ago.
So obviously Marsden got
obsessed with Carol.
The Pit didn't
treat his compulsion to kill.
It gave him his next victim.
Wait here.
Don't move.
Do you take this man to be
your lawfully wedded husband?
I do.
I've always dreamed of falling
in love with someone like you.
And today I get to marry
the man of my dreams--
OK. Carol is out there
somewhere
right now with this creep.
and we're stuck here watching
wedding videos from hell.
Are these really
our best leads?
If Marsden created
a romance fantasy with Carol
from these moments. then yes.
watching these videos
is our best shot
at making sure we know
where he's taking her next.
Ah.
Keep watching.
We'll find her.
You find something?
Traffic cams haven't
given us anything.
Neither has facial rec.
Morales is working overtime
to close the gap.
But I was able to get you
the Silo 12 access code.
Sure it's still good?
A lot's changed
in the last two weeks.
Positive.
Bex?
I've always dreamed
of falling in love with...
- Just wait a sec.
- How happy I am...
Hey. back it up.
Go back.
And I promise--
Words can't express
how happy I am
that you've chosen to spend
the rest of your life with me.
And I promise to keep you--
always.
It's just the same thing
over and over.
No. it's not.
OK. so the video on the left
is from 18 months ago
when Mark started
his exposure therapy.
The one on the right
is from three weeks ago.
So 18 months ago. these two
people did not know each other.
I mean. look at Carol.
No touching. no eye contact.
Her body language basically
says she's just doing her job.
The more recent one.
her body language
has completely changed.
I got you a surprise.
Now...
we can get married
for real.
You're not saying
that she's--
Yep. the obsession
goes both ways.
She's in love with him too.
Now this is perfect.
Why would anyone fall
for a guy who's killed
all three of his wives?
It's called hybristophilia.
It's a psychological
disorder presenting
as an intense
attraction to criminals.
Especially serial killers.
Some theorize it's linked
to a savior complex.
Others believe
it's evolutionary psychology.
They delude themselves
into believing
that a mate
who's willing to kill
is the best kind of protector.
Most people who develop
this disorder are often
smart or. well.
confident enough
to believe that they can
actually change
the person
that they're obsessed with
but dysfunctional enough
not to recognize
their own delusions.
Like those women who sent
love letters to Ted Bundy.
I think one of them
even married him.
- Did she?
- The problem is.
Carol doesn't fit the profile.
Because as far as we know.
she was happily married
for decades to a very
non-dangerous accountant.
Except for the fact
that her husband actually
suddenly passed
six months before
she started working
with Marsden.
With that kind of tragedy.
who knows
how her psychology has shifted?
So we should talk
to someone that knows her.
preferably a family member.
- She's got a son.
Did you guys plan that?
What are we really
hoping to get
out of Carol's kid anyway?
Well. he lived
with her up until
he left for college last year.
He'll be able
to tell us something.
That's him.
Grady Miller.
Hey.
Why do they
always have to run?
Hey!
Grady! Hey! Hey!
We just want
to talk about your mom.
- What?
- Not like that.
I didn't even do anything!
Why'd you run?
Nice of you to show up.
Let me get the door for you.
♪ You're just too good
to be true ♪
♪ Can't take my eyes
off of you ♪
♪ You'd be like
heaven to touch ♪
♪ I want to hold you so much
What do you think?
You look so beautiful.
♪ You're just
too good to be true ♪
♪ Can't take my eyes
off of you ♪
That dress is perfect.
You're sure it's not too much
for a second wedding?
True love
is worth celebrating
every single time you find it.
You two are just adorable.
You have to tell us
how you met.
Workplace romance.
Aww.
Call me crazy. but I know you
from somewhere. don't I?
No.
No. my first time in Salt Lake.
Just have...
one of those faces.
I think we're all set.
Mm-hmm.
Are you ready?
Just about.
Why don't you go wait for me
at that little café out there?
Why?
Well. if I tell you.
it will ruin the surprise.
Can we show you
some bouquets?
Bet you keep these
pretty sharp. don't you?
Hey. did you get much
from Carol's kid.
or did he demand a lawyer?
He was actually cooperative
once he realized
we weren't there for him.
Turns out. Grady Miller is
quite an accomplished hacker.
He ransomed his school
district's computer system
for about 50 grand.
Well. more importantly.
a year ago.
Grady created
an untraceable VPN for his mom.
Carol used the VPN to log in
to a serial killer fan site.
"Reaper's Digest."
Is that real?
Unfortunately.
Carol got so into it.
she became the moderator
of a very lively
Mark Marsden forum.
It looks like she spent
several hours a day
posting on the site. talking
about her husband's death.
loneliness.
even trying to date again.
These online communities
can really suck you in.
Not--not me.
Others.
- He's right.
Carol's likely to log in again.
She's on the forum right now.
Using public Wi-Fi
at a mall in Salt Lake City.
All right. let's go.
Hey. hey!
I told you
it's for emergencies only.
I put the SIM card in.
It's OK.
But listen. I really think
we should call Grady.
He's gonna love you. I promise.
It's just. he doesn't know
anything about all this.
so he's gonna worry
if he doesn't hear from me.
We can't. not yet.
I promise he can come
meet us in Mexico.
But right now. it's just--
it's too risky. OK?
You understand.
- Yeah. Yeah.
What the hell is this?
Oh. it's totally anonymous.
It's safe.
I just logged in for a second.
What were you thinking?
All it takes
is one little mistake.
Please don't be angry.
I'm sorry.
I-I-I just don't want anything
to ruin our perfect wedding.
OK?
Come here.
No. I'm sorry.
I--you're right.
I shouldn't have done that.
I love you so much.
Just be more careful.
Come on. we gotta find
a new car.
OK?
Bonnie and Clyde syndrome.
Ah. is someone reading up
on hybristophilia?
I'm just looking for
something easier to pronounce.
Carol is the Bonnie
to Marsden's Clyde.
She's not just the victim here.
She's getting some kind
of sick thrill out of all this.
OK. he fills a hole
in her heart. no doubt.
But Carol is
the real victim here.
This is what men like Mark do.
They prey on women like her.
They convince them that they're
reformed or misunderstood.
But. guys. if we don't
find them soon enough.
we know how this romance ends.
This is the spot.
- A bridal shop.
Well. this can't be
a coincidence.
Oh. hey.
There's blood.
Marsden killed him
for a wedding dress?
His kills never
used to be like this.
He's losing control.
Hey!
She's breathing!
Call 911!
Can you hear me?
He paid for the dress
and told his fiancée
to wait across the street
at the café.
And then he--
Take your time.
Ron thought
that he recognized him.
and the man went crazy.
I tried to run.
but he caught me.
He strangled me
until I played dead.
Hey. It's OK.
You're safe.
We've called your sister.
She's on her way.
Thank you for everything.
This is
an exposure nightmare.
Just try to stay off camera.
Learn anything useful?
Bex was right.
Carol wasn't there
when Mark attacked them.
She may not even know.
Not yet.
No. no.
Absolutely not.
Are you out of your mind?
Mark hid this from Carol
because he wants her
to think he's a changed man.
She needs to know he's not.
- Whoa.
- Hassani. she's right.
I mean. either we show her
who he really is. or he does.
OK. and then what?
We blow the lid off
this whole thing.
She gets spooked. runs.
and he still kills her.
No. then she reaches out.
Reaches out?
To who?
Her friends online.
♪ See you every morning.
baby ♪
♪ Something down deep
inside me cries ♪
I'll just be a sec. babe.
♪ Can't sit still
when you're not with me ♪
We're really sorry
about this. Kip.
We didn't see anyone
sleeping in the back.
and we were in a hurry.
We're getting married.
Congratulations?
You'll get your van back.
I promise.
We bring you
a developing story.
Law enforcement are on...
- Let's go.
The hunt for a man
who killed one clerk...
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- And wounded another
at the House of Vienna
bridal shop on East Avenue.
Police are saying that this
man is extremely dangerous
and will resort to violence.
- Turn that off.
The police should be
called immediately...
- I said turn it off.
- If the suspect is--
Hold up.
Whoa!
Mark.
- Hey. I--
- What did you do?
I just scared him.
that's all.
The--the clerk recognized me.
He--he said he was gonna
call the cops.
- But they just said--
- They're lying.
Can't you see that?
I didn't hurt anybody. I swear.
When I walked out of there.
they were--
they were both completely fine.
They're just trying
to get to us.
And hey. I'm not gonna let
that happen.
It's you and me forever.
You'll never have
to be alone again.
What we have is pure love.
Mark. don't hurt him.
Of course not.
Baby.
Come on.
Don't move.
They're not
driving aimlessly.
They're eloping.
Sounds like Vegas.
But they're not
headed towards Vegas.
Then where are they going?
It's been 30 minutes
since you leaked it
to the press.
Morales. what you got?
Carol just logged in
to her forum.
You're tracing the signal?
Somewhere near
Carlin. Nevada.
- Reno.
Perfect place
for a quickie wedding
with no questions asked.
Looks like Carol just posted.
"My fiancé and I
got into a fight
"over a promise he didn't keep.
"He said he would never be
violent again. but he was.
"I'm giving him another chance.
Am I making a mistake?"
Sounds like
Carol saw the news.
Time to make contact.
"Mark would never hurt me."
Morales. can you reply.
"You are no different
than the brides he killed"?
"I am different.
"You can't understand.
but I am.
I know I am."
- She is really not getting it.
Can you pull the videos
from Mark's three weddings
and then send them to her?
I will love you
for all eternity.
to the moon and back.
and then all the way
to Saturn.
Words can't express
how happy I am that you're
choosing to spend
the rest of your life with me.
And I promise to keep you--
Moon and back and then
all the way to Saturn.
Words--
"These aren't real."
Yeah. we can--you don't
have to read them out loud.
I'm an auditory processor.
Morales. can you reply.
"You know they are"?
You ready
to get back on the road?
Hey. hey.
Don't worry.
I-I said I wasn't gonna
hurt him. right?
I-I just--I just tied him up
further back in there.
OK.
I'm a changed man.
And it's because of you.
Now she's not responding.
Morales. I need to get
Carol on the phone.
We should probably
get rid of his phone.
Attagirl.
Toss it.
We got a bigger problem.
Signal from the phone
just disappeared.
She dumped it.
Or he did.
How long till we touch down?
You should be wheels down
by the time they reach Reno.
OK. but we still don't know
what church they're going to.
By the time we get there--
- Could be too late.
I'll tell them to speed it up.
Hey.
Morales just sent us a list
of all the quickie
wedding joints in Reno.
All two dozen of them.
Touching down in five.
Gotta be ready to move.
- Thanks.
Dorothy. I will love you
for all eternity.
to the moon and back and then
all the way to Saturn.
Words can't express
how happy--
Hey.
Married-Go-Round
Wedding Chapel.
That's gotta be her.
Carol.
it's Agent Bex Henderson.
Listen. Mark and I
are in love.
What we have is real.
That's what the women
in the video thought.
And then he killed them.
I'm not crazy.
I know what kind of person
he used to be.
But that's not Mark anymore.
He's a changed man.
Look. when my husband died.
I felt so alone.
And I knew that I would
never meet anyone again.
But then I met Mark.
and--and he saw me.
He saw something in me.
like that we'd been
through the same kind of pain.
Yeah. it was manipulation.
Carol. by Mark.
by the people at the Pit.
You were at
your most vulnerable.
and then along comes
this handsome. charming man.
and he says
all of the right things.
Look. after you lost
your husband.
you were probably in shock.
maybe even angry
that you had to spend
the rest of your life
without your partner
by your side.
I was terrified.
And Mark saw me
the way I wanted to be seen.
Honey. what's taking so long?
Just a second.
Carol. you can't do this.
Think about your son.
Think about Grady.
He has already lost a father.
He cannot lose you too.
If you go through with this.
it ends with you
under arrest or dead.
What do you want me to do.
call it off?
No. don't--don't do that.
If you walk away now.
his abandonment issues
will be triggered
and he will hurt you
just like the other wives.
So what should I do?
Stay calm.
Play along as best you can.
We'll be there soon.
Welcome. one and all.
Into this union. the bride
and groom come to be joined.
And with these rings
and witnesses before us.
do you take this woman to be
your lawfully wedded wife?
Yes. I do.
And if I may. I'd just like
to say a few words.
Carol Miller. I will love you
for all eternity.
to the moon and back
and then all the way to Saturn.
Words can't express how happy
I am that you're choosing
to spend the rest of your life
with me.
What's the matter?
I--
"I" what?
I'm sorry. Mark. I can't.
They warned me.
I'm such a fool.
Who warned you. Carol?
Carol. what...
Did you do?
Hands! Hands!
Let me see your hands!
OK. get up. Get out.
Move. move. move. move. move.
He's locked them in.
This wasn't
supposed to happen!
I didn't want to hurt anyone!
I wanted us to be soul mates.
but you betrayed me!
Because that's what you all do!
You take everything.
and then you leave!
Carol's not moving.
We gotta get in there.
If we break open the door.
he's gonna open fire.
Can't see through
the stained glass.
We'll never get a shot off
from outside.
OK. I'm gonna try
talking him down.
Mark!
This is the FBI.
Nobody needs to get hurt. OK?
This can end peacefully.
Come on. Come on.
I said come on!
If you open that door.
I'm killing everyone in here!
You come through that door.
I start killing people.
Why don't you let go
of the hostages so we can talk?
Carol!
- She's alive.
- We gotta get in there.
- Come on. baby.
- Mark. stop.
Come on.
Hey. it's not too late.
OK. there's gotta be
another door to the sanctuary.
I'll recheck.
- Come on. get up.
Bex.
- Come on.
- What are you doing?
Carol is blocking Mark.
We don't have a shot.
Hey. hey. it's not too late.
Mark. please.
I thought I was special.
- Bex. we're wasting time here.
- Come on.
Don't you see?
I'm gonna make you special.
Come on.
Carol. it's Bex.
Keep walking back.
Don't listen to them.
Come on.
Keep walking back.
Carol.
it's me and you forever.
Door!
He's down!
Everyone out.
Get out!
Out!
Quickly. calmly. get out!
You're OK.
Hell of a plan. Bex.
Hey.
How you holding up?
I wanted to believe
that he had changed for me.
Am I going to prison for this?
Well. you're a victim here
too. Carol.
not just of Mark
but a victim of the Pit.
The only place you're going
after the hospital is home.
We'll make sure of that.
Just rest up.
Thanks. pal.
♪ I'm on my way
to Lonely Town ♪
♪ I've found me a new place
called Lonely Hideaway ♪
Oh. I didn't order a drink.
It's from the gentleman
at the end of the bar.
Over there.
♪ And the tears
that you've cried all alone ♪
♪ Misery loves company
♪ And you can find it here
♪ I know 'cause I've made it
my home ♪
This is the third time
I've caught you watching me.
I wasn't watching you.
First time. you followed me
out of Sunny Dale.
Then again tonight.
when I got home.
you were parked
down the street.
And now here you are.
It's all right.
I'm pretty sure most Boston
lawyers are just as bad at it.
If you know who I am.
then you know
why I've been watching you.
Care to tell me why you've been
pretending to be my brother?
Depends how much time
you got.
This is it.
The entrance to Silo 12
is somewhere inside.
Doesn't look like much.
I think that's the point.
We're all after
the same answers.
and we're gonna find them
faster working together.
You don't have to trust him.
But trust me.
♪ It's hard to bear
♪ There's a darkness
hanging over us ♪
Over here.
♪ Black cloud of dust
♪ In the air
♪ Keep looking up
♪ We will rise up
♪ Rise up and reign
♪ Living in a world
that's gone crazy ♪
This wasn't a breach.
It was a massacre.
That's a lot of blood
for no bodies.
Someone came
and collected them.
Hey. over here.
There's a door around back.
When you said the inmates
were being moved
in and out of the Pit.
this is where they were taken--
so that people could watch.
Watch what. exactly?
Experiments.
♪ They won't stop us
♪ We will rise up
I know this drug.
It's the same one
they gave Richard Harris.